README.md, before:

![GitHub Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/chingu-voyages/v36-toucans-team-04?style=plastic)
![GitHub Language Count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/chingu-voyages/v36-toucans-team-04?style=plastic)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/chingu-voyages/v36-toucans-team-04?style=plastic)

# Falling Words Game

A fun and interactive way to improve your typing skill!

## Overview

This Javascript game was created for the Chingu Voyage 36. Our team wants to provide a game in which players can improve their typing skill. We are designing this game to cater to players at different skill levels. Whether you are a beginner typist or an experienced typist, we will make sure that you are challenged! The main goal of this game is to type the words that are falling from the top before they reach the bottom. The difficulty level will increase as you progress through the game. At the end of the game, you can review your performance through comprehensive feedback.

>Live Link: [https://chingu-voyages.github.io/v36-toucans-team-04/](https://chingu-voyages.github.io/v36-toucans-team-04/)

## Features
| Key Feature                                              | Status           |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| Landing Screen                                           | Work In Progress |
| Tutorial Screen                                          | Work In Progress |
| Falling words that player must type                      | Work In Progress |
| A set number of chances that players can miss words      | Work In Progress |
| Spawning of bonus word that can reward additional chance | Work In Progress |
| Increasing difficulty level                              | Work In Progress |
| Capability to select starting difficulty level           | Work In Progress |
| GameOver screen with player's performance details        | Work In Progress |
| Fun Facts about Typing                                   | Work In Progress |
| Credits Screen                                           | Work In Progress |

## Languages
* HTML
* CSS
* Javascript

## Dependencies
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
* [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
* [Animate.css](https://animate.style/)
* [Howler.js](https://howlerjs.com/)

## Contributors
* [@phatyma](https://github.com/phatyma)
* [@sorensoroush](https://github.com/sorensoroush)
* [@cristianUrbina](https://github.com/cristianUrbina)
* [@mpark4656](https://github.com/mpark4656)

## Acknowledgments
* [@jdmedlock](https://github.com/jdmedlock) and his staff for organizing Chingu Voyage 36.
* Find more info about [Chingu](https://www.chingu.io/)

Commit message:

Add Running the Project section to readme

README.md, after:

![GitHub Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/chingu-voyages/v36-toucans-team-04?style=plastic)
![GitHub Language Count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/chingu-voyages/v36-toucans-team-04?style=plastic)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/chingu-voyages/v36-toucans-team-04?style=plastic)

# Falling Words Game

A fun and interactive way to improve your typing skill!

## Overview

This Javascript game was created for the Chingu Voyage 36. Our team wants to provide a game in which players can improve their typing skill. We are designing this game to cater to players at different skill levels. Whether you are a beginner typist or an experienced typist, we will make sure that you are challenged! The main goal of this game is to type the words that are falling from the top before they reach the bottom. The difficulty level will increase as you progress through the game. At the end of the game, you can review your performance through comprehensive feedback.

>Live Link: [https://chingu-voyages.github.io/v36-toucans-team-04/](https://chingu-voyages.github.io/v36-toucans-team-04/)

## Features
| Key Feature                                              | Status           |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |
| Landing Screen                                           | Work In Progress |
| Tutorial Screen                                          | Work In Progress |
| Falling words that player must type                      | Work In Progress |
| A set number of chances that players can miss words      | Work In Progress |
| Spawning of bonus word that can reward additional chance | Work In Progress |
| Increasing difficulty level                              | Work In Progress |
| Capability to select starting difficulty level           | Work In Progress |
| GameOver screen with player's performance details        | Work In Progress |
| Fun Facts about Typing                                   | Work In Progress |
| Credits Screen                                           | Work In Progress |

## Running the Project
This project does not have a backend server. To run this project locally, download it as a ZIP, unzip the project folder and open index.html.

## Languages
* HTML
* CSS
* Javascript

## Dependencies
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
* [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
* [Animate.css](https://animate.style/)
* [Howler.js](https://howlerjs.com/)

## Contributors
* [@phatyma](https://github.com/phatyma)
* [@sorensoroush](https://github.com/sorensoroush)
* [@cristianUrbina](https://github.com/cristianUrbina)
* [@mpark4656](https://github.com/mpark4656)

## Acknowledgments
* [@jdmedlock](https://github.com/jdmedlock) and his staff for organizing Chingu Voyage 36.
* Find more info about [Chingu](https://www.chingu.io/)
